Pipelines/README.md, before:

# Pipelines

Pipelines represent our ability to scale, orchestrate and schedule our processes via underlying infrastructure. Azure offers a number of different options in this space. This Playbook will provide some basic options as there are a number of more detailed repositories available to help here, namely:

* [MLOps](https://github.com/microsoft/MLOps)
* [MLOpsPython](https://github.com/Microsoft/MLOpsPython)
* [Microsoft AI Samples, Reference Architectures & Best Practices](https://github.com/microsoft/AI)

## Azure Cognitive Search

Azure Cognitive Search provides an [enrichment pipeline](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/search/cognitive-search-concept-intro#components-of-an-enrichment-pipeline) which provides the ability to extract information, chain the invocation of custom APIs alongside Microsoft Cognitive Services and store the output to a datastore, all as a managed service.

Have a look at the sample pipeline accelerator for [Azure Cognitive Search](Azure_Cognitive_Search/README.md)

## Azure Kubernetes Service

Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS) makes it simple to deploy a managed Kubernetes cluster in Azure. AKS reduces the complexity and operational overhead of managing Kubernetes by offloading much of that responsibility to Azure. As a hosted Kubernetes service, Azure handles critical tasks like health monitoring and maintenance for you.

Have a look at the sample Helm charts for [Azure Kubernetes Service](Azure_Kubernetes_Service/README.md)

## Azure Machine Learning

[Azure Machine Learning service](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/machine-learning-service/) is a cloud
service used to train, deploy, automate, and manage machine learning models, all at the broad scale that the cloud provides.

Have a look at the sample pipeline accelerator for [Azure Machine Learning](Azure_Machine_Learning/README.md)

## Azure Logic Apps

Connect your business-critical apps and services with [Azure Logic Apps](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/logic-apps/), automating your workflows without writing a single line of code.

Have a look at the sample pipeline accelerator for [Azure Logic Apps with Form Recognizer](Azure_Logic_Apps/README.md)

Commit message:

Add Azure (Durable) Functions pipeline (#24)
* Update README

* Add README

* Add initial Durable Functions setup

* Add basic project

* Add first revision

* Update documentation

* Update documentation

* Add first version of the workflow

* Add license directives

* Remove media folder from dev container

* Disable function

* Squashed commit of the following:

commit 510dcbfe69682cd6587f19fc3d368368dd96a06b
Author: Mick Vleeshouwer <mick@imick.nl>
Date:   Tue Jun 30 18:37:07 2020 +0200

    Change name

commit 2d0df87d8ceed097e017741a1daa831e6be30de7
Author: Mick Vleeshouwer <mick@imick.nl>
Date:   Tue Jun 30 18:36:01 2020 +0200

    Temp move

commit 36bf8ed7c32f5779707ef8670eeb44d330b745c6
Author: Mick Vleeshouwer <mick@imick.nl>
Date:   Tue Jun 30 18:28:49 2020 +0200

    Move to default dev container

* code refactoring

* Refactor, remove warnings

* Change Form Recognizer processing

* Refactor

* Add more example for text

* Update README.md

* Put information in the right order

* Update contributor list

* Remove TODO for now

* Documentation tweaks

* Lint documentation

* Rewrite to async

* Change file to async

* Update __init__.py

Co-authored-by: Shane Peckham <shanepeckham@live.com>

Pipelines/README.md, after:

# Pipelines

Pipelines represent our ability to scale, orchestrate and schedule our processes via underlying infrastructure. Azure offers a number of different options in this space. This Playbook will provide some basic options as there are a number of more detailed repositories available to help here, namely:

- [MLOps](https://github.com/microsoft/MLOps)
- [MLOpsPython](https://github.com/Microsoft/MLOpsPython)
- [Microsoft AI Samples, Reference Architectures & Best Practices](https://github.com/microsoft/AI)

## Azure Cognitive Search

Azure Cognitive Search provides an [enrichment pipeline](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/search/cognitive-search-concept-intro#components-of-an-enrichment-pipeline) which provides the ability to extract information, chain the invocation of custom APIs alongside Microsoft Cognitive Services and store the output to a datastore, all as a managed service.

Have a look at the sample pipeline accelerator for [Azure Cognitive Search](Azure_Cognitive_Search/README.md)

## Azure Kubernetes Service

Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS) makes it simple to deploy a managed Kubernetes cluster in Azure. AKS reduces the complexity and operational overhead of managing Kubernetes by offloading much of that responsibility to Azure. As a hosted Kubernetes service, Azure handles critical tasks like health monitoring and maintenance for you.

Have a look at the sample Helm charts for [Azure Kubernetes Service](Azure_Kubernetes_Service/README.md)

## Azure Machine Learning

[Azure Machine Learning service](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/machine-learning-service/) is a cloud
service used to train, deploy, automate, and manage machine learning models, all at the broad scale that the cloud provides.

Have a look at the sample pipeline accelerator for [Azure Machine Learning](Azure_Machine_Learning/README.md)

## Azure Logic Apps

Connect your business-critical apps and services with [Azure Logic Apps](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/logic-apps/), automating your workflows without writing a single line of code.

Have a look at the sample pipeline accelerator for [Azure Logic Apps with Form Recognizer](Azure_Logic_Apps/README.md)

## Azure Functions

[Azure Functions](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/functions/) is an event driven, compute-on-demand experience that extends the existing Azure application platform with capabilities to implement code triggered by events occurring in Azure or third party service as well as on-premises systems.

Have a look at the sample pipeline accelerator for [Azure Functions](Azure_Functions/README.md).
